.TH "org::glite::security::voms::User" 3 "Wed Jul 13 2011" "Version 4" "Registration" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
org::glite::security::voms::User \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUser\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUser\fP (java.lang.String \fBCA\fP, java.lang.String \fBCN\fP, java.lang.String \fBDN\fP, java.lang.String \fBcertUri\fP, java.lang.String \fBmail\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBgetCA\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCA\fP (java.lang.String \fBCA\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBgetCN\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCN\fP (java.lang.String \fBCN\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBgetDN\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDN\fP (java.lang.String \fBDN\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBgetCertUri\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCertUri\fP (java.lang.String \fBcertUri\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBgetMail\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMail\fP (java.lang.String \fBmail\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized boolean \fBequals\fP (java.lang.Object obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized int \fBhashCode\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBCA\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBCN\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBDN\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBcertUri\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBmail\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.Object \fB__equalsCalc\fP = null"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boolean \fB__hashCodeCalc\fP = false"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 10 of file User.java.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "org.glite.security.voms.User.User ()"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file User.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.User.equals().
.PP
.nf
                  {
    }
.fi
.SS "org.glite.security.voms.User.User (java.lang.StringCA, java.lang.StringCN, java.lang.StringDN, java.lang.StringcertUri, java.lang.Stringmail)"
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file User.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.User.CA, org.glite.security.voms.User.certUri, org.glite.security.voms.User.CN, org.glite.security.voms.User.DN, and org.glite.security.voms.User.mail.
.PP
.nf
                                  {
           this.CA = CA;
           this.CN = CN;
           this.DN = DN;
           this.certUri = certUri;
           this.mail = mail;
    }
.fi
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "synchronized boolean org.glite.security.voms.User.equals (java.lang.Objectobj)"
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file User.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.User.__equalsCalc, org.glite.security.voms.User.CA, org.glite.security.voms.User.certUri, org.glite.security.voms.User.CN, org.glite.security.voms.User.DN, org.glite.security.voms.User.getCA(), org.glite.security.voms.User.getCertUri(), org.glite.security.voms.User.getCN(), org.glite.security.voms.User.getDN(), org.glite.security.voms.User.getMail(), org.glite.security.voms.User.mail, and org.glite.security.voms.User.User().
.PP
.nf
                                                             {
        if (!(obj instanceof User)) return false;
        User other = (User) obj;
        if (obj == null) return false;
        if (this == obj) return true;
        if (__equalsCalc != null) {
            return (__equalsCalc == obj);
        }
        __equalsCalc = obj;
        boolean _equals;
        _equals = true && 
            ((this.CA==null && other.getCA()==null) || 
             (this.CA!=null &&
              this.CA.equals(other.getCA()))) &&
            ((this.CN==null && other.getCN()==null) || 
             (this.CN!=null &&
              this.CN.equals(other.getCN()))) &&
            ((this.DN==null && other.getDN()==null) || 
             (this.DN!=null &&
              this.DN.equals(other.getDN()))) &&
            ((this.certUri==null && other.getCertUri()==null) || 
             (this.certUri!=null &&
              this.certUri.equals(other.getCertUri()))) &&
            ((this.mail==null && other.getMail()==null) || 
             (this.mail!=null &&
              this.mail.equals(other.getMail())));
        __equalsCalc = null;
        return _equals;
    }
.fi
.SS "java.lang.String org.glite.security.voms.User.getCA ()"Gets the CA value for this \fBUser\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CA 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 43 of file User.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.User.CA.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.User.equals(), and org.glite.security.voms.User.hashCode().
.PP
.nf
                                    {
        return CA;
    }
.fi
.SS "java.lang.String org.glite.security.voms.User.getCertUri ()"Gets the certUri value for this \fBUser\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
certUri 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 103 of file User.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.User.certUri.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.User.equals(), and org.glite.security.voms.User.hashCode().
.PP
.nf
                                         {
        return certUri;
    }
.fi
.SS "java.lang.String org.glite.security.voms.User.getCN ()"Gets the CN value for this \fBUser\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
CN 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 63 of file User.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.User.CN.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.User.equals(), and org.glite.security.voms.User.hashCode().
.PP
.nf
                                    {
        return CN;
    }
.fi
.SS "java.lang.String org.glite.security.voms.User.getDN ()"Gets the DN value for this \fBUser\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
DN 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 83 of file User.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.User.DN.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.User.equals(), and org.glite.security.voms.User.hashCode().
.PP
.nf
                                    {
        return DN;
    }
.fi
.SS "java.lang.String org.glite.security.voms.User.getMail ()"Gets the mail value for this \fBUser\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
mail 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 123 of file User.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.User.mail.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.User.equals(), and org.glite.security.voms.User.hashCode().
.PP
.nf
                                      {
        return mail;
    }
.fi
.SS "synchronized int org.glite.security.voms.User.hashCode ()"
.PP
Definition at line 169 of file User.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.User.__hashCodeCalc, org.glite.security.voms.User.getCA(), org.glite.security.voms.User.getCertUri(), org.glite.security.voms.User.getCN(), org.glite.security.voms.User.getDN(), and org.glite.security.voms.User.getMail().
.PP
.nf
                                       {
        if (__hashCodeCalc) {
            return 0;
        }
        __hashCodeCalc = true;
        int _hashCode = 1;
        if (getCA() != null) {
            _hashCode += getCA().hashCode();
        }
        if (getCN() != null) {
            _hashCode += getCN().hashCode();
        }
        if (getDN() != null) {
            _hashCode += getDN().hashCode();
        }
        if (getCertUri() != null) {
            _hashCode += getCertUri().hashCode();
        }
        if (getMail() != null) {
            _hashCode += getMail().hashCode();
        }
        __hashCodeCalc = false;
        return _hashCode;
    }
.fi
.SS "void org.glite.security.voms.User.setCA (java.lang.StringCA)"Sets the CA value for this \fBUser\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fICA\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 53 of file User.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.User.CA.
.PP
.nf
                                           {
        this.CA = CA;
    }
.fi
.SS "void org.glite.security.voms.User.setCertUri (java.lang.StringcertUri)"Sets the certUri value for this \fBUser\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcertUri\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 113 of file User.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.User.certUri.
.PP
.nf
                                                     {
        this.certUri = certUri;
    }
.fi
.SS "void org.glite.security.voms.User.setCN (java.lang.StringCN)"Sets the CN value for this \fBUser\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fICN\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 73 of file User.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.User.CN.
.PP
.nf
                                           {
        this.CN = CN;
    }
.fi
.SS "void org.glite.security.voms.User.setDN (java.lang.StringDN)"Sets the DN value for this \fBUser\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIDN\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 93 of file User.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.User.DN.
.PP
.nf
                                           {
        this.DN = DN;
    }
.fi
.SS "void org.glite.security.voms.User.setMail (java.lang.Stringmail)"Sets the mail value for this \fBUser\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImail\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 133 of file User.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.User.mail.
.PP
.nf
                                               {
        this.mail = mail;
    }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "java.lang.Object \fBorg.glite.security.voms.User.__equalsCalc\fP = null\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 137 of file User.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.User.equals().
.SS "boolean \fBorg.glite.security.voms.User.__hashCodeCalc\fP = false\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 168 of file User.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.User.hashCode().
.SS "java.lang.String \fBorg.glite.security.voms.User.CA\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 11 of file User.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.User.equals(), org.glite.security.voms.User.getCA(), org.glite.security.voms.User.setCA(), and org.glite.security.voms.User.User().
.SS "java.lang.String \fBorg.glite.security.voms.User.certUri\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file User.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.User.equals(), org.glite.security.voms.User.getCertUri(), org.glite.security.voms.User.setCertUri(), and org.glite.security.voms.User.User().
.SS "java.lang.String \fBorg.glite.security.voms.User.CN\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file User.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.User.equals(), org.glite.security.voms.User.getCN(), org.glite.security.voms.User.setCN(), and org.glite.security.voms.User.User().
.SS "java.lang.String \fBorg.glite.security.voms.User.DN\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file User.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.User.equals(), org.glite.security.voms.User.getDN(), org.glite.security.voms.User.setDN(), and org.glite.security.voms.User.User().
.SS "java.lang.String \fBorg.glite.security.voms.User.mail\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file User.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.User.equals(), org.glite.security.voms.User.getMail(), org.glite.security.voms.User.setMail(), and org.glite.security.voms.User.User().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Registration from the source code.
