.TH "org::glite::security::voms::VOMSException" 3 "Wed Jul 13 2011" "Version 4" "Registration" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
org::glite::security::voms::VOMSException \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVOMSException\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized boolean \fBequals\fP (java.lang.Object obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized int \fBhashCode\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwriteDetails\fP (javax.xml.namespace.QName qname, org.apache.axis.encoding.SerializationContext context)  throws java.io.IOException "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.Object \fB__equalsCalc\fP = null"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boolean \fB__hashCodeCalc\fP = false"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 10 of file VOMSException.java.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "org.glite.security.voms.VOMSException.VOMSException ()"
.PP
Definition at line 11 of file VOMSException.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.VOMSException.equals().
.PP
.nf
                           {
    }
.fi
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "synchronized boolean org.glite.security.voms.VOMSException.equals (java.lang.Objectobj)"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file VOMSException.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.VOMSException.__equalsCalc, and org.glite.security.voms.VOMSException.VOMSException().
.PP
.nf
                                                             {
        if (!(obj instanceof VOMSException)) return false;
        VOMSException other = (VOMSException) obj;
        if (obj == null) return false;
        if (this == obj) return true;
        if (__equalsCalc != null) {
            return (__equalsCalc == obj);
        }
        __equalsCalc = obj;
        boolean _equals;
        _equals = true;
        __equalsCalc = null;
        return _equals;
    }
.fi
.SS "synchronized int org.glite.security.voms.VOMSException.hashCode ()"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file VOMSException.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.VOMSException.__hashCodeCalc.
.PP
.nf
                                       {
        if (__hashCodeCalc) {
            return 0;
        }
        __hashCodeCalc = true;
        int _hashCode = 1;
        __hashCodeCalc = false;
        return _hashCode;
    }
.fi
.SS "void org.glite.security.voms.VOMSException.writeDetails (javax.xml.namespace.QNameqname, org.apache.axis.encoding.SerializationContextcontext)  throws java.io.IOException "Writes the exception data to the faultDetails 
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file VOMSException.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                                                                                                                {
        context.serialize(qname, null, this);
    }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "java.lang.Object \fBorg.glite.security.voms.VOMSException.__equalsCalc\fP = null\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file VOMSException.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.VOMSException.equals().
.SS "boolean \fBorg.glite.security.voms.VOMSException.__hashCodeCalc\fP = false\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file VOMSException.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.VOMSException.hashCode().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Registration from the source code.
