.TH "org::glite::security::voms::ACLEntry" 3 "Wed Jul 13 2011" "Version 4" "Registration" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
org::glite::security::voms::ACLEntry \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACLEntry\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACLEntry\fP (java.lang.String \fBadminCA\fP, java.lang.String \fBadminDN\fP, boolean \fBallow\fP, java.lang.String \fBoperationName\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBgetAdminCA\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAdminCA\fP (java.lang.String \fBadminCA\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBgetAdminDN\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAdminDN\fP (java.lang.String \fBadminDN\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boolean \fBisAllow\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAllow\fP (boolean \fBallow\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBgetOperationName\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetOperationName\fP (java.lang.String \fBoperationName\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized boolean \fBequals\fP (java.lang.Object obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized int \fBhashCode\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBadminCA\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBadminDN\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boolean \fBallow\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBoperationName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.Object \fB__equalsCalc\fP = null"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boolean \fB__hashCodeCalc\fP = false"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 10 of file ACLEntry.java.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.ACLEntry ()"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.equals().
.PP
.nf
                      {
    }
.fi
.SS "org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.ACLEntry (java.lang.StringadminCA, java.lang.StringadminDN, booleanallow, java.lang.StringoperationName)"
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.adminCA, org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.adminDN, org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.allow, and org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.operationName.
.PP
.nf
                                           {
           this.adminCA = adminCA;
           this.adminDN = adminDN;
           this.allow = allow;
           this.operationName = operationName;
    }
.fi
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "synchronized boolean org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.equals (java.lang.Objectobj)"
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.__equalsCalc, org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.ACLEntry(), org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.adminCA, org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.adminDN, org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.allow, org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.getAdminCA(), org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.getAdminDN(), org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.getOperationName(), org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.isAllow(), and org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.operationName.
.PP
.nf
                                                             {
        if (!(obj instanceof ACLEntry)) return false;
        ACLEntry other = (ACLEntry) obj;
        if (obj == null) return false;
        if (this == obj) return true;
        if (__equalsCalc != null) {
            return (__equalsCalc == obj);
        }
        __equalsCalc = obj;
        boolean _equals;
        _equals = true && 
            ((this.adminCA==null && other.getAdminCA()==null) || 
             (this.adminCA!=null &&
              this.adminCA.equals(other.getAdminCA()))) &&
            ((this.adminDN==null && other.getAdminDN()==null) || 
             (this.adminDN!=null &&
              this.adminDN.equals(other.getAdminDN()))) &&
            this.allow == other.isAllow() &&
            ((this.operationName==null && other.getOperationName()==null) || 
             (this.operationName!=null &&
              this.operationName.equals(other.getOperationName())));
        __equalsCalc = null;
        return _equals;
    }
.fi
.SS "java.lang.String org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.getAdminCA ()"Gets the adminCA value for this \fBACLEntry\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
adminCA 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 39 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.adminCA.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.equals(), and org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.hashCode().
.PP
.nf
                                         {
        return adminCA;
    }
.fi
.SS "java.lang.String org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.getAdminDN ()"Gets the adminDN value for this \fBACLEntry\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
adminDN 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 59 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.adminDN.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.equals(), and org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.hashCode().
.PP
.nf
                                         {
        return adminDN;
    }
.fi
.SS "java.lang.String org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.getOperationName ()"Gets the operationName value for this \fBACLEntry\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
operationName 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 99 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.operationName.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.equals(), and org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.hashCode().
.PP
.nf
                                               {
        return operationName;
    }
.fi
.SS "synchronized int org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.hashCode ()"
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.__hashCodeCalc, org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.getAdminCA(), org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.getAdminDN(), org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.getOperationName(), and org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.isAllow().
.PP
.nf
                                       {
        if (__hashCodeCalc) {
            return 0;
        }
        __hashCodeCalc = true;
        int _hashCode = 1;
        if (getAdminCA() != null) {
            _hashCode += getAdminCA().hashCode();
        }
        if (getAdminDN() != null) {
            _hashCode += getAdminDN().hashCode();
        }
        _hashCode += (isAllow() ? Boolean.TRUE : Boolean.FALSE).hashCode();
        if (getOperationName() != null) {
            _hashCode += getOperationName().hashCode();
        }
        __hashCodeCalc = false;
        return _hashCode;
    }
.fi
.SS "boolean org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.isAllow ()"Gets the allow value for this \fBACLEntry\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
allow 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 79 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.allow.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.equals(), and org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.hashCode().
.PP
.nf
                             {
        return allow;
    }
.fi
.SS "void org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.setAdminCA (java.lang.StringadminCA)"Sets the adminCA value for this \fBACLEntry\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIadminCA\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 49 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.adminCA.
.PP
.nf
                                                     {
        this.adminCA = adminCA;
    }
.fi
.SS "void org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.setAdminDN (java.lang.StringadminDN)"Sets the adminDN value for this \fBACLEntry\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIadminDN\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 69 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.adminDN.
.PP
.nf
                                                     {
        this.adminDN = adminDN;
    }
.fi
.SS "void org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.setAllow (booleanallow)"Sets the allow value for this \fBACLEntry\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIallow\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 89 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.allow.
.PP
.nf
                                        {
        this.allow = allow;
    }
.fi
.SS "void org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.setOperationName (java.lang.StringoperationName)"Sets the operationName value for this \fBACLEntry\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIoperationName\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 109 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.operationName.
.PP
.nf
                                                                 {
        this.operationName = operationName;
    }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "java.lang.Object \fBorg.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.__equalsCalc\fP = null\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.equals().
.SS "boolean \fBorg.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.__hashCodeCalc\fP = false\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 139 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.hashCode().
.SS "java.lang.String \fBorg.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.adminCA\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 11 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.ACLEntry(), org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.equals(), org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.getAdminCA(), and org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.setAdminCA().
.SS "java.lang.String \fBorg.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.adminDN\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.ACLEntry(), org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.equals(), org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.getAdminDN(), and org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.setAdminDN().
.SS "boolean \fBorg.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.allow\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.ACLEntry(), org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.equals(), org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.isAllow(), and org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.setAllow().
.SS "java.lang.String \fBorg.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.operationName\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.ACLEntry(), org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.equals(), org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.getOperationName(), and org.glite.security.voms.ACLEntry.setOperationName().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Registration from the source code.
