.TH "org::glite::security::voms::service::acl::ACLEntry" 3 "Wed Jul 13 2011" "Version 4" "Registration" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
org::glite::security::voms::service::acl::ACLEntry \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACLEntry\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACLEntry\fP (java.lang.String \fBadminIssuer\fP, java.lang.String \fBadminSubject\fP, int \fBvomsPermissionBits\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBgetAdminIssuer\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAdminIssuer\fP (java.lang.String \fBadminIssuer\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBgetAdminSubject\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAdminSubject\fP (java.lang.String \fBadminSubject\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetVomsPermissionBits\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetVomsPermissionBits\fP (int \fBvomsPermissionBits\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized boolean \fBequals\fP (java.lang.Object obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "synchronized int \fBhashCode\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBadminIssuer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.String \fBadminSubject\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBvomsPermissionBits\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "java.lang.Object \fB__equalsCalc\fP = null"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boolean \fB__hashCodeCalc\fP = false"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 10 of file ACLEntry.java.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.ACLEntry ()"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.equals().
.PP
.nf
                      {
    }
.fi
.SS "org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.ACLEntry (java.lang.StringadminIssuer, java.lang.StringadminSubject, intvomsPermissionBits)"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.adminIssuer, org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.adminSubject, and org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.vomsPermissionBits.
.PP
.nf
                                   {
           this.adminIssuer = adminIssuer;
           this.adminSubject = adminSubject;
           this.vomsPermissionBits = vomsPermissionBits;
    }
.fi
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "synchronized boolean org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.equals (java.lang.Objectobj)"
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.__equalsCalc, org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.ACLEntry(), org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.adminIssuer, org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.adminSubject, org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.getAdminIssuer(), org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.getAdminSubject(), org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.getVomsPermissionBits(), and org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.vomsPermissionBits.
.PP
.nf
                                                             {
        if (!(obj instanceof ACLEntry)) return false;
        ACLEntry other = (ACLEntry) obj;
        if (obj == null) return false;
        if (this == obj) return true;
        if (__equalsCalc != null) {
            return (__equalsCalc == obj);
        }
        __equalsCalc = obj;
        boolean _equals;
        _equals = true && 
            ((this.adminIssuer==null && other.getAdminIssuer()==null) || 
             (this.adminIssuer!=null &&
              this.adminIssuer.equals(other.getAdminIssuer()))) &&
            ((this.adminSubject==null && other.getAdminSubject()==null) || 
             (this.adminSubject!=null &&
              this.adminSubject.equals(other.getAdminSubject()))) &&
            this.vomsPermissionBits == other.getVomsPermissionBits();
        __equalsCalc = null;
        return _equals;
    }
.fi
.SS "java.lang.String org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.getAdminIssuer ()"Gets the adminIssuer value for this \fBACLEntry\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
adminIssuer 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 35 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.adminIssuer.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.equals(), and org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.hashCode().
.PP
.nf
                                             {
        return adminIssuer;
    }
.fi
.SS "java.lang.String org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.getAdminSubject ()"Gets the adminSubject value for this \fBACLEntry\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
adminSubject 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 55 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.adminSubject.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.equals(), and org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.hashCode().
.PP
.nf
                                              {
        return adminSubject;
    }
.fi
.SS "int org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.getVomsPermissionBits ()"Gets the vomsPermissionBits value for this \fBACLEntry\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
vomsPermissionBits 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 75 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.vomsPermissionBits.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.equals(), and org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.hashCode().
.PP
.nf
                                       {
        return vomsPermissionBits;
    }
.fi
.SS "synchronized int org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.hashCode ()"
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.__hashCodeCalc, org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.getAdminIssuer(), org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.getAdminSubject(), and org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.getVomsPermissionBits().
.PP
.nf
                                       {
        if (__hashCodeCalc) {
            return 0;
        }
        __hashCodeCalc = true;
        int _hashCode = 1;
        if (getAdminIssuer() != null) {
            _hashCode += getAdminIssuer().hashCode();
        }
        if (getAdminSubject() != null) {
            _hashCode += getAdminSubject().hashCode();
        }
        _hashCode += getVomsPermissionBits();
        __hashCodeCalc = false;
        return _hashCode;
    }
.fi
.SS "void org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.setAdminIssuer (java.lang.StringadminIssuer)"Sets the adminIssuer value for this \fBACLEntry\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIadminIssuer\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 45 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.adminIssuer.
.PP
.nf
                                                             {
        this.adminIssuer = adminIssuer;
    }
.fi
.SS "void org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.setAdminSubject (java.lang.StringadminSubject)"Sets the adminSubject value for this \fBACLEntry\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIadminSubject\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 65 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.adminSubject.
.PP
.nf
                                                               {
        this.adminSubject = adminSubject;
    }
.fi
.SS "void org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.setVomsPermissionBits (intvomsPermissionBits)"Sets the vomsPermissionBits value for this \fBACLEntry\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvomsPermissionBits\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 85 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
References org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.vomsPermissionBits.
.PP
.nf
                                                              {
        this.vomsPermissionBits = vomsPermissionBits;
    }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "java.lang.Object \fBorg.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.__equalsCalc\fP = null\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 89 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.equals().
.SS "boolean \fBorg.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.__hashCodeCalc\fP = false\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 112 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.hashCode().
.SS "java.lang.String \fBorg.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.adminIssuer\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 11 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.ACLEntry(), org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.equals(), org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.getAdminIssuer(), and org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.setAdminIssuer().
.SS "java.lang.String \fBorg.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.adminSubject\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.ACLEntry(), org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.equals(), org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.getAdminSubject(), and org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.setAdminSubject().
.SS "int \fBorg.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.vomsPermissionBits\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file ACLEntry.java.
.PP
Referenced by org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.ACLEntry(), org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.equals(), org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.getVomsPermissionBits(), and org.glite.security.voms.service.acl.ACLEntry.setVomsPermissionBits().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Registration from the source code.
