.TH "portal::registration::domain::Fqan" 3 "Wed Jul 13 2011" "Version 4" "Registration" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
portal::registration::domain::Fqan \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFqan\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFqan\fP (\fBVo\fP \fBvo\fP, String \fBisGroupUsed\fP, String \fBgroupType\fP, String \fBfqanExpr\fP, String \fBdescription\fP, int \fBcomputingShare\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetIdFqan\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIdFqan\fP (int \fBidFqan\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVo\fP \fBgetVo\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetVo\fP (\fBVo\fP \fBvo\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetIsGroupUsed\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIsGroupUsed\fP (String \fBisGroupUsed\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetGroupType\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetGroupType\fP (String \fBgroupType\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetFqanExpr\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetFqanExpr\fP (String \fBfqanExpr\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetDescription\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDescription\fP (String \fBdescription\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetComputingShare\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetComputingShare\fP (int \fBcomputingShare\fP)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBidFqan\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVo\fP \fBvo\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBisGroupUsed\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgroupType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBfqanExpr\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBdescription\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcomputingShare\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static final long \fBserialVersionUID\fP = 1L"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBFqan\fP generated by hbm2java 
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file Fqan.java.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "portal.registration.domain.Fqan.Fqan ()"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
.nf
                      {
        }
.fi
.SS "portal.registration.domain.Fqan.Fqan (\fBVo\fPvo, StringisGroupUsed, StringgroupType, StringfqanExpr, Stringdescription, intcomputingShare)"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                                {
                this.vo = vo;
                this.isGroupUsed = isGroupUsed;
                this.groupType = groupType;
                this.fqanExpr = fqanExpr;
                this.description = description;
                this.computingShare = computingShare;
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int portal.registration.domain.Fqan.getComputingShare ()"
.PP
Definition at line 105 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
.nf
                                       {
                return this.computingShare;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Fqan.getDescription ()"
.PP
Definition at line 96 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
.nf
                                       {
                return this.description;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Fqan.getFqanExpr ()"
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
.nf
                                    {
                return this.fqanExpr;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Fqan.getGroupType ()"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
.nf
                                     {
                return this.groupType;
        }
.fi
.SS "int portal.registration.domain.Fqan.getIdFqan ()"
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.findByFqan().
.PP
.nf
                               {
                return this.idFqan;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Fqan.getIsGroupUsed ()"
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
.nf
                                       {
                return this.isGroupUsed;
        }
.fi
.SS "\fBVo\fP portal.registration.domain.Fqan.getVo ()"
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
.nf
                          {
                return this.vo;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Fqan.setComputingShare (intcomputingShare)"
.PP
Definition at line 109 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                          {
                this.computingShare = computingShare;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Fqan.setDescription (Stringdescription)"
.PP
Definition at line 100 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                       {
                this.description = description;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Fqan.setFqanExpr (StringfqanExpr)"
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                 {
                this.fqanExpr = fqanExpr;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Fqan.setGroupType (StringgroupType)"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                   {
                this.groupType = groupType;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Fqan.setIdFqan (intidFqan)"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
.nf
                                          {
                this.idFqan = idFqan;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Fqan.setIsGroupUsed (StringisGroupUsed)"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                       {
                this.isGroupUsed = isGroupUsed;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Fqan.setVo (\fBVo\fPvo)"
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file Fqan.java.
.PP
.nf
                                 {
                this.vo = vo;
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBportal.registration.domain.Fqan.computingShare\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file Fqan.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Fqan.description\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file Fqan.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Fqan.fqanExpr\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file Fqan.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Fqan.groupType\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file Fqan.java.
.SS "int \fBportal.registration.domain.Fqan.idFqan\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file Fqan.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Fqan.isGroupUsed\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file Fqan.java.
.SS "final long \fBportal.registration.domain.Fqan.serialVersionUID\fP = 1L\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file Fqan.java.
.SS "\fBVo\fP \fBportal.registration.domain.Fqan.vo\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file Fqan.java.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Registration from the source code.
