.TH "portal::registration::domain::Vo" 3 "Wed Jul 13 2011" "Version 4" "Registration" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
portal::registration::domain::Vo \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVo\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVo\fP (String \fBvo\fP, String \fBhost\fP, String \fBdescription\fP, String \fBdiscipline\fP, String \fBlongDiscipline\fP, Date \fBinsertTime\fP, String \fBaup\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVo\fP (String \fBvo\fP, String \fBhost\fP, String \fBdescription\fP, String \fBvoManagerMail\fP, String \fBenrollementUrl\fP, String \fBdiscipline\fP, String \fBlongDiscipline\fP, Date \fBinsertTime\fP, String \fBaup\fP, Set< \fBUserToVo\fP > \fBuserToVos\fP, Set< \fBFqan\fP > \fBfqans\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetIdVo\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIdVo\fP (int \fBidVo\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetVo\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetVo\fP (String \fBvo\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetHost\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetHost\fP (String \fBhost\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetDescription\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDescription\fP (String \fBdescription\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetVoManagerMail\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetVoManagerMail\fP (String \fBvoManagerMail\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetEnrollementUrl\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetEnrollementUrl\fP (String \fBenrollementUrl\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetDiscipline\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDiscipline\fP (String \fBdiscipline\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetLongDiscipline\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLongDiscipline\fP (String \fBlongDiscipline\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Date \fBgetInsertTime\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetInsertTime\fP (Date \fBinsertTime\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetAup\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAup\fP (String \fBaup\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Set< \fBUserToVo\fP > \fBgetUserToVos\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetUserToVos\fP (Set< \fBUserToVo\fP > \fBuserToVos\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Set< \fBFqan\fP > \fBgetFqans\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetFqans\fP (Set< \fBFqan\fP > \fBfqans\fP)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBidVo\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBvo\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBhost\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBdescription\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBvoManagerMail\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBenrollementUrl\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBdiscipline\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBlongDiscipline\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Date \fBinsertTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBaup\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Set< \fBUserToVo\fP > \fBuserToVos\fP = new HashSet<\fBUserToVo\fP>(0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Set< \fBFqan\fP > \fBfqans\fP = new HashSet<\fBFqan\fP>(0)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static final long \fBserialVersionUID\fP = -9053612297786722393L"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBVo\fP generated by hbm2java 
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file Vo.java.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "portal.registration.domain.Vo.Vo ()"
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                    {
        }
.fi
.SS "portal.registration.domain.Vo.Vo (Stringvo, Stringhost, Stringdescription, Stringdiscipline, StringlongDiscipline, DateinsertTime, Stringaup)"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                                            {
                this.vo = vo;
                this.host = host;
                this.description = description;
                this.discipline = discipline;
                this.longDiscipline = longDiscipline;
                this.insertTime = insertTime;
                this.aup = aup;
        }
.fi
.SS "portal.registration.domain.Vo.Vo (Stringvo, Stringhost, Stringdescription, StringvoManagerMail, StringenrollementUrl, Stringdiscipline, StringlongDiscipline, DateinsertTime, Stringaup, Set< \fBUserToVo\fP >userToVos, Set< \fBFqan\fP >fqans)"
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                         {
                this.vo = vo;
                this.host = host;
                this.description = description;
                this.voManagerMail = voManagerMail;
                this.enrollementUrl = enrollementUrl;
                this.discipline = discipline;
                this.longDiscipline = longDiscipline;
                this.insertTime = insertTime;
                this.aup = aup;
                this.userToVos = userToVos;
                this.fqans = fqans;
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Vo.getAup ()"
.PP
Definition at line 160 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                               {
                return this.aup;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Vo.getDescription ()"
.PP
Definition at line 105 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                       {
                return this.description;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Vo.getDiscipline ()"
.PP
Definition at line 132 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                      {
                return this.discipline;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Vo.getEnrollementUrl ()"
.PP
Definition at line 123 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                          {
                return this.enrollementUrl;
        }
.fi
.SS "Set<\fBFqan\fP> portal.registration.domain.Vo.getFqans ()"
.PP
Definition at line 178 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                    {
                return this.fqans;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Vo.getHost ()"
.PP
Definition at line 96 of file Vo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.controller.AddUserToVOController.checkVO().
.PP
.nf
                                {
                return this.host;
        }
.fi
.SS "int portal.registration.domain.Vo.getIdVo ()"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file Vo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.findByVo().
.PP
.nf
                             {
                return this.idVo;
        }
.fi
.SS "Date portal.registration.domain.Vo.getInsertTime ()"
.PP
Definition at line 151 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                    {
                return this.insertTime;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Vo.getLongDiscipline ()"
.PP
Definition at line 141 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                          {
                return this.longDiscipline;
        }
.fi
.SS "Set<\fBUserToVo\fP> portal.registration.domain.Vo.getUserToVos ()"
.PP
Definition at line 169 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                            {
                return this.userToVos;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Vo.getVo ()"
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file Vo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.controller.AddUserToVOController.checkVO(), and portal.registration.services.UserToVoServiceImpl.findDefaultVo().
.PP
.nf
                              {
                return this.vo;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Vo.getVoManagerMail ()"
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                         {
                return this.voManagerMail;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Vo.setAup (Stringaup)"
.PP
Definition at line 164 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                       {
                this.aup = aup;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Vo.setDescription (Stringdescription)"
.PP
Definition at line 109 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                       {
                this.description = description;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Vo.setDiscipline (Stringdiscipline)"
.PP
Definition at line 136 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                     {
                this.discipline = discipline;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Vo.setEnrollementUrl (StringenrollementUrl)"
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                             {
                this.enrollementUrl = enrollementUrl;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Vo.setFqans (Set< \fBFqan\fP >fqans)"
.PP
Definition at line 182 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                              {
                this.fqans = fqans;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Vo.setHost (Stringhost)"
.PP
Definition at line 100 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                         {
                this.host = host;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Vo.setIdVo (intidVo)"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                      {
                this.idVo = idVo;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Vo.setInsertTime (DateinsertTime)"
.PP
Definition at line 155 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                   {
                this.insertTime = insertTime;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Vo.setLongDiscipline (StringlongDiscipline)"
.PP
Definition at line 145 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                             {
                this.longDiscipline = longDiscipline;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Vo.setUserToVos (Set< \fBUserToVo\fP >userToVos)"
.PP
Definition at line 173 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                          {
                this.userToVos = userToVos;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Vo.setVo (Stringvo)"
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                     {
                this.vo = vo;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Vo.setVoManagerMail (StringvoManagerMail)"
.PP
Definition at line 118 of file Vo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                           {
                this.voManagerMail = voManagerMail;
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Vo.aup\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file Vo.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Vo.description\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file Vo.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Vo.discipline\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file Vo.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Vo.enrollementUrl\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Vo.java.
.SS "Set<\fBFqan\fP> \fBportal.registration.domain.Vo.fqans\fP = new HashSet<\fBFqan\fP>(0)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file Vo.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Vo.host\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file Vo.java.
.SS "int \fBportal.registration.domain.Vo.idVo\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file Vo.java.
.SS "Date \fBportal.registration.domain.Vo.insertTime\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file Vo.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Vo.longDiscipline\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file Vo.java.
.SS "final long \fBportal.registration.domain.Vo.serialVersionUID\fP = -9053612297786722393L\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file Vo.java.
.SS "Set<\fBUserToVo\fP> \fBportal.registration.domain.Vo.userToVos\fP = new HashSet<\fBUserToVo\fP>(0)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file Vo.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Vo.vo\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file Vo.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Vo.voManagerMail\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file Vo.java.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Registration from the source code.
