.TH "portal::registration::domain::Idp" 3 "Wed Jul 13 2011" "Version 4" "Registration" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
portal::registration::domain::Idp \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdp\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdp\fP (String \fBidpname\fP, String \fBidpaddress\fP, String \fBidploginAddress\fP, String \fBidpparameterRequest\fP, String \fBidpattributeRequest\fP, String \fBidpdescription\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdp\fP (String \fBidpname\fP, String \fBidpaddress\fP, String \fBidploginAddress\fP, String \fBidpparameterRequest\fP, String \fBidpattributeRequest\fP, String \fBidpdescription\fP, Set< \fBUserInfo\fP > \fBuserInfos\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetIdIdp\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIdIdp\fP (int \fBidIdp\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetIdpname\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIdpname\fP (String \fBidpname\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetIdpaddress\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIdpaddress\fP (String \fBidpaddress\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetIdploginAddress\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIdploginAddress\fP (String \fBidploginAddress\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetIdpparameterRequest\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIdpparameterRequest\fP (String \fBidpparameterRequest\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetIdpattributeRequest\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIdpattributeRequest\fP (String \fBidpattributeRequest\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetIdpdescription\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIdpdescription\fP (String \fBidpdescription\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Set< \fBUserInfo\fP > \fBgetUserInfos\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetUserInfos\fP (Set< \fBUserInfo\fP > \fBuserInfos\fP)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBidIdp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBidpname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBidpaddress\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBidploginAddress\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBidpparameterRequest\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBidpattributeRequest\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBidpdescription\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Set< \fBUserInfo\fP > \fBuserInfos\fP = new HashSet<\fBUserInfo\fP>(0)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static final long \fBserialVersionUID\fP = 8730283017965656825L"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBIdp\fP generated by hbm2java 
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file Idp.java.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "portal.registration.domain.Idp.Idp ()"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                     {
        }
.fi
.SS "portal.registration.domain.Idp.Idp (Stringidpname, Stringidpaddress, StringidploginAddress, StringidpparameterRequest, StringidpattributeRequest, Stringidpdescription)"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                               {
                this.idpname = idpname;
                this.idpaddress = idpaddress;
                this.idploginAddress = idploginAddress;
                this.idpparameterRequest = idpparameterRequest;
                this.idpattributeRequest = idpattributeRequest;
                this.idpdescription = idpdescription;
        }
.fi
.SS "portal.registration.domain.Idp.Idp (Stringidpname, Stringidpaddress, StringidploginAddress, StringidpparameterRequest, StringidpattributeRequest, Stringidpdescription, Set< \fBUserInfo\fP >userInfos)"
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                                        {
                this.idpname = idpname;
                this.idpaddress = idpaddress;
                this.idploginAddress = idploginAddress;
                this.idpparameterRequest = idpparameterRequest;
                this.idpattributeRequest = idpattributeRequest;
                this.idpdescription = idpdescription;
                this.userInfos = userInfos;
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int portal.registration.domain.Idp.getIdIdp ()"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file Idp.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.findByIdp().
.PP
.nf
                              {
                return this.idIdp;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Idp.getIdpaddress ()"
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                      {
                return this.idpaddress;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Idp.getIdpattributeRequest ()"
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                               {
                return this.idpattributeRequest;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Idp.getIdpdescription ()"
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                          {
                return this.idpdescription;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Idp.getIdploginAddress ()"
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                           {
                return this.idploginAddress;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Idp.getIdpname ()"
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                   {
                return this.idpname;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Idp.getIdpparameterRequest ()"
.PP
Definition at line 101 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                               {
                return this.idpparameterRequest;
        }
.fi
.SS "Set<\fBUserInfo\fP> portal.registration.domain.Idp.getUserInfos ()"
.PP
Definition at line 128 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                            {
                return this.userInfos;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Idp.setIdIdp (intidIdp)"
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                        {
                this.idIdp = idIdp;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Idp.setIdpaddress (Stringidpaddress)"
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                     {
                this.idpaddress = idpaddress;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Idp.setIdpattributeRequest (StringidpattributeRequest)"
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                                       {
                this.idpattributeRequest = idpattributeRequest;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Idp.setIdpdescription (Stringidpdescription)"
.PP
Definition at line 123 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                             {
                this.idpdescription = idpdescription;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Idp.setIdploginAddress (StringidploginAddress)"
.PP
Definition at line 96 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                               {
                this.idploginAddress = idploginAddress;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Idp.setIdpname (Stringidpname)"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                               {
                this.idpname = idpname;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Idp.setIdpparameterRequest (StringidpparameterRequest)"
.PP
Definition at line 105 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                                       {
                this.idpparameterRequest = idpparameterRequest;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Idp.setUserInfos (Set< \fBUserInfo\fP >userInfos)"
.PP
Definition at line 132 of file Idp.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                          {
                this.userInfos = userInfos;
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBportal.registration.domain.Idp.idIdp\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file Idp.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Idp.idpaddress\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file Idp.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Idp.idpattributeRequest\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file Idp.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Idp.idpdescription\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file Idp.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Idp.idploginAddress\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file Idp.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Idp.idpname\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file Idp.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Idp.idpparameterRequest\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file Idp.java.
.SS "final long \fBportal.registration.domain.Idp.serialVersionUID\fP = 8730283017965656825L\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file Idp.java.
.SS "Set<\fBUserInfo\fP> \fBportal.registration.domain.Idp.userInfos\fP = new HashSet<\fBUserInfo\fP>(0)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file Idp.java.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Registration from the source code.
