.TH "portal::registration::services::UserInfoServiceImpl" 3 "Wed Jul 13 2011" "Version 4" "Registration" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
portal::registration::services::UserInfoServiceImpl \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBportal.registration.services.UserInfoService\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "Integer \fBsave\fP (\fBUserInfo\fP transientInstance)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdelete\fP (\fBUserInfo\fP persistentInstance)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdelete\fP (int userId)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUserInfo\fP \fBfindById\fP (Integer id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "List< \fBUserInfo\fP > \fBgetAllUserInfo\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBedit\fP (\fBUserInfo\fP userInfo)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsave\fP (\fBUserInfo\fP userInfo, int idIDP)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUserInfoDAO\fP \fBuserInfoDAO\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdpDAO\fP \fBidpDAO\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static final Logger \fBlog\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 17 of file UserInfoServiceImpl.java.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.delete (\fBUserInfo\fPpersistentInstance)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.UserInfoService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file UserInfoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAO.delete(), portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.log, and portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.userInfoDAO.
.PP
.nf
                                                        {
                log.debug('removing UserInfo instance');
                userInfoDAO.delete(persistentInstance);
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.delete (intuserId)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.UserInfoService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file UserInfoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAO.delete(), portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAO.findById(), portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.log, and portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.userInfoDAO.
.PP
.nf
                                       {
                log.debug('removing UserInfo instance');
                UserInfo persistentInstance = userInfoDAO.findById(userId);
                userInfoDAO.delete(persistentInstance);
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.edit (\fBUserInfo\fPuserInfo)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.UserInfoService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file UserInfoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAO.edit(), portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.log, and portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.userInfoDAO.
.PP
.nf
                                            {
                log.debug('Editing existing userInfo');
                userInfoDAO.edit(userInfo);
        }
.fi
.SS "\fBUserInfo\fP portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.findById (Integerid)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.UserInfoService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file UserInfoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAO.findById(), portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.log, and portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.userInfoDAO.
.PP
.nf
                                             {
                log.debug('getting UserInfo instance with id: ' + id);
                return userInfoDAO.findById(id);
        }
.fi
.SS "List<\fBUserInfo\fP> portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.getAllUserInfo ()"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.UserInfoService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file UserInfoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAO.getAllUserInfo(), portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.log, and portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.userInfoDAO.
.PP
.nf
                                               {
                log.debug('getting all UserInfo instance');
                return userInfoDAO.getAllUserInfo();
        }
.fi
.SS "int portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.save (\fBUserInfo\fPuserInfo, intidIDP)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.UserInfoService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file UserInfoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.IdpDAO.findById(), portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.idpDAO, portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.log, portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAO.save(), portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.setIdp(), and portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.userInfoDAO.
.PP
.nf
                                                      {
                log.debug('persisting UserInfo instance');
                Idp idp = idpDAO.findById(idIDP);
                userInfo.setIdp(idp);
                return userInfoDAO.save(userInfo);
        }
.fi
.SS "Integer portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.save (\fBUserInfo\fPtransientInstance)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.UserInfoService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file UserInfoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.log, portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAO.save(), and portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.userInfoDAO.
.PP
.nf
                                                        {
                log.debug('persisting UserInfo instance');
                return userInfoDAO.save(transientInstance);
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBIdpDAO\fP \fBportal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.idpDAO\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file UserInfoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.save().
.SS "final Logger \fBportal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.log\fP\fC [static, private]\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
 Logger
                        .getLogger(UserInfoServiceImpl.class)
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file UserInfoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.delete(), portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.edit(), portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.findById(), portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.getAllUserInfo(), and portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.save().
.SS "\fBUserInfoDAO\fP \fBportal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.userInfoDAO\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file UserInfoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.delete(), portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.edit(), portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.findById(), portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.getAllUserInfo(), and portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.save().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Registration from the source code.
