.TH "portal::registration::server::PortalContextListener" 3 "Wed Jul 13 2011" "Version 4" "Registration" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
portal::registration::server::PortalContextListener \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits ServletContextListener.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcontextDestroyed\fP (ServletContextEvent arg0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcontextInitialized\fP (ServletContextEvent arg0)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinitializeAxisProperties\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static final Logger \fBlog\fP = Logger.getLogger(PortalContextListener.class)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static final String \fBDEFAULT_SSL_CERT_FILE\fP = '/etc/grid-security/hostcert.pem'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static final String \fBDEFAULT_SSL_KEY\fP = '/etc/grid-security/hostkey.pem'"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 13 of file PortalContextListener.java.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void portal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.contextDestroyed (ServletContextEventarg0)"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file PortalContextListener.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.log.
.PP
.nf
                                                               {
                // TODO Auto-generated method stub
                log.info('Registration Shutdown');
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.contextInitialized (ServletContextEventarg0)"
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file PortalContextListener.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.initializeAxisProperties(), and portal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.log.
.PP
.nf
                                                                 {
                // TODO Auto-generated method stub
                log.info('Registration Startup');
                initializeAxisProperties();

        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.initializeAxisProperties ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file PortalContextListener.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.DEFAULT_SSL_CERT_FILE, and portal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.DEFAULT_SSL_KEY.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.contextInitialized().
.PP
.nf
                                                  {

                AxisProperties.setProperty('axis.socketSecureFactory',
                                'org.glite.security.trustmanager.axis.AXISSocketFactory');

                // need to pass property to AXISSocketFactory
                Properties properties = AXISSocketFactory.getCurrentProperties();

                // TODO will get cert and key from the configuration, with those as
                // default

                properties.setProperty('sslCertFile', DEFAULT_SSL_CERT_FILE); // hostcert.pem

                properties.setProperty('sslKey', DEFAULT_SSL_KEY); // hostkey.pem

                AXISSocketFactory.setCurrentProperties(properties);
                System.setProperties(properties);
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "final String \fBportal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.DEFAULT_SSL_CERT_FILE\fP = '/etc/grid-security/hostcert.pem'\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file PortalContextListener.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.initializeAxisProperties().
.SS "final String \fBportal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.DEFAULT_SSL_KEY\fP = '/etc/grid-security/hostkey.pem'\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file PortalContextListener.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.initializeAxisProperties().
.SS "final Logger \fBportal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.log\fP = Logger.getLogger(PortalContextListener.class)\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file PortalContextListener.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.contextDestroyed(), and portal.registration.server.PortalContextListener.contextInitialized().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Registration from the source code.
