.TH "portal::registration::services::VoServiceImpl" 3 "Wed Jul 13 2011" "Version 4" "Registration" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
portal::registration::services::VoServiceImpl \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBportal.registration.services.VoService\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "List< \fBVo\fP > \fBgetAllVo\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVo\fP \fBfindById\fP (Integer id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBfindByVo\fP (\fBVo\fP vo)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "List< String > \fBgetAllDiscplines\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVoDAO\fP \fBvoDAO\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static final Logger \fBlog\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 14 of file VoServiceImpl.java.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBVo\fP portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.findById (Integerid)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.VoService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file VoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.VoDAO.findById(), portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.log, and portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.voDAO.
.PP
.nf
                                       {
                log.debug('getting UserInfo instance with id: ' + id);
                return voDAO.findById(id);
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.findByVo (\fBVo\fPvo)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.VoService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file VoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.VoDAO.findById(), portal.registration.domain.Vo.getIdVo(), portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.log, and portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.voDAO.
.PP
.nf
                                      {
                log.debug('getting Vo instance');
                return voDAO.findById(vo.getIdVo()).getVo();
        }
.fi
.SS "List<String> portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.getAllDiscplines ()"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.VoService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file VoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.VoDAO.getAllDiscipline(), and portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.voDAO.
.PP
.nf
                                               {
                return voDAO.getAllDiscipline();
        }
.fi
.SS "List<\fBVo\fP> portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.getAllVo ()"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.VoService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file VoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.VoDAO.getAllVo(), portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.log, and portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.voDAO.
.PP
.nf
                                   {
                log.debug('getting all Vo instance');
                return voDAO.getAllVo();
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "final Logger \fBportal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.log\fP\fC [static, private]\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
 Logger
                        .getLogger(UserInfoServiceImpl.class)
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file VoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.findById(), portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.findByVo(), and portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.getAllVo().
.SS "\fBVoDAO\fP \fBportal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.voDAO\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file VoServiceImpl.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.findById(), portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.findByVo(), portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.getAllDiscplines(), and portal.registration.services.VoServiceImpl.getAllVo().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Registration from the source code.
