.TH "portal::registration::domain::Certificate" 3 "Wed Jul 13 2011" "Version 4" "Registration" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
portal::registration::domain::Certificate \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCertificate\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCertificate\fP (\fBUserInfo\fP \fBuserInfo\fP, String \fBsubject\fP, Date \fBexpirationDate\fP, String \fBcaonline\fP, String \fBprimaryCert\fP, String \fBissuer\fP, String \fBusernameCert\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetIdCert\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIdCert\fP (int \fBidCert\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUserInfo\fP \fBgetUserInfo\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetUserInfo\fP (\fBUserInfo\fP \fBuserInfo\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetSubject\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSubject\fP (String \fBsubject\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Date \fBgetExpirationDate\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetExpirationDate\fP (Date \fBexpirationDate\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetCaonline\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCaonline\fP (String \fBcaonline\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetPrimaryCert\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPrimaryCert\fP (String \fBprimaryCert\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetIssuer\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIssuer\fP (String \fBissuer\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetUsernameCert\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetUsernameCert\fP (String \fBusernameCert\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boolean \fBequals\fP (\fBCertificate\fP cert)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBidCert\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUserInfo\fP \fBuserInfo\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBsubject\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Date \fBexpirationDate\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBcaonline\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBprimaryCert\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBissuer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBusernameCert\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static final long \fBserialVersionUID\fP = -4219251531396625106L"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBCertificate\fP generated by hbm2java 
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file Certificate.java.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "portal.registration.domain.Certificate.Certificate ()"
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
.nf
                             {
        }
.fi
.SS "portal.registration.domain.Certificate.Certificate (\fBUserInfo\fPuserInfo, Stringsubject, DateexpirationDate, Stringcaonline, StringprimaryCert, Stringissuer, StringusernameCert)"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
.nf
                                             {
                this.userInfo = userInfo;
                this.subject = subject;
                this.expirationDate = expirationDate;
                this.caonline = caonline;
                this.primaryCert = primaryCert;
                this.issuer = issuer;
                this.usernameCert = usernameCert;
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "boolean portal.registration.domain.Certificate.equals (\fBCertificate\fPcert)"
.PP
Definition at line 129 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.domain.Certificate.issuer, and portal.registration.domain.Certificate.subject.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.controller.UploadCertController.uploadCert().
.PP
.nf
                                                {
                if (this.subject.equals(cert.subject)
                                && this.issuer.equals(cert.issuer))
                        return true;
                return false;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Certificate.getCaonline ()"
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.CertificateDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                    {
                return this.caonline;
        }
.fi
.SS "Date portal.registration.domain.Certificate.getExpirationDate ()"
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.CertificateDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                        {
                return this.expirationDate;
        }
.fi
.SS "int portal.registration.domain.Certificate.getIdCert ()"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.CertificateDAOImpl.edit(), and portal.registration.services.CertificateServiceImpl.save().
.PP
.nf
                               {
                return this.idCert;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Certificate.getIssuer ()"
.PP
Definition at line 112 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.CertificateDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                  {
                return this.issuer;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Certificate.getPrimaryCert ()"
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.CertificateDAOImpl.edit(), portal.registration.services.CertificateServiceImpl.save(), and portal.registration.services.CertificateServiceImpl.setDefault().
.PP
.nf
                                       {
                return this.primaryCert;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Certificate.getSubject ()"
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.CertificateDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                   {
                return this.subject;
        }
.fi
.SS "\fBUserInfo\fP portal.registration.domain.Certificate.getUserInfo ()"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.CertificateDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                      {
                return this.userInfo;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.Certificate.getUsernameCert ()"
.PP
Definition at line 121 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.CertificateDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                        {
                return this.usernameCert;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Certificate.setCaonline (Stringcaonline)"
.PP
Definition at line 98 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.CertificateDAOImpl.edit(), and portal.registration.controller.UploadCertController.uploadCert().
.PP
.nf
                                                 {
                this.caonline = caonline;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Certificate.setExpirationDate (DateexpirationDate)"
.PP
Definition at line 89 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.CertificateDAOImpl.edit(), and portal.registration.controller.UploadCertController.uploadCert().
.PP
.nf
                                                           {
                this.expirationDate = expirationDate;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Certificate.setIdCert (intidCert)"
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.controller.UploadCertController.uploadCert().
.PP
.nf
                                          {
                this.idCert = idCert;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Certificate.setIssuer (Stringissuer)"
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.CertificateDAOImpl.edit(), and portal.registration.controller.UploadCertController.uploadCert().
.PP
.nf
                                             {
                this.issuer = issuer;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Certificate.setPrimaryCert (StringprimaryCert)"
.PP
Definition at line 107 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.CertificateDAOImpl.edit(), portal.registration.services.CertificateServiceImpl.save(), portal.registration.services.CertificateServiceImpl.setDefault(), and portal.registration.controller.UploadCertController.uploadCert().
.PP
.nf
                                                       {
                this.primaryCert = primaryCert;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Certificate.setSubject (Stringsubject)"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.CertificateDAOImpl.edit(), and portal.registration.controller.UploadCertController.uploadCert().
.PP
.nf
                                               {
                this.subject = subject;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Certificate.setUserInfo (\fBUserInfo\fPuserInfo)"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.CertificateDAOImpl.edit(), and portal.registration.services.CertificateServiceImpl.save().
.PP
.nf
                                                   {
                this.userInfo = userInfo;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.Certificate.setUsernameCert (StringusernameCert)"
.PP
Definition at line 125 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.CertificateDAOImpl.edit(), and portal.registration.services.CertificateServiceImpl.save().
.PP
.nf
                                                         {
                this.usernameCert = usernameCert;
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Certificate.caonline\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file Certificate.java.
.SS "Date \fBportal.registration.domain.Certificate.expirationDate\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file Certificate.java.
.SS "int \fBportal.registration.domain.Certificate.idCert\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file Certificate.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Certificate.issuer\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.domain.Certificate.equals().
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Certificate.primaryCert\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file Certificate.java.
.SS "final long \fBportal.registration.domain.Certificate.serialVersionUID\fP = -4219251531396625106L\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file Certificate.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Certificate.subject\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file Certificate.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.domain.Certificate.equals().
.SS "\fBUserInfo\fP \fBportal.registration.domain.Certificate.userInfo\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file Certificate.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.Certificate.usernameCert\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Certificate.java.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Registration from the source code.
