.TH "portal::registration::controller::UserInfoController" 3 "Wed Jul 13 2011" "Version 4" "Registration" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
portal::registration::controller::UserInfoController \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBshowUserInfos\fP (RenderResponse response)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "List< \fBUserInfo\fP > \fBgetUserInfos\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "List< \fBIdp\fP > \fBgetIdps\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Map< Object, Object > \fBgetIdpsName\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUserInfoService\fP \fBuserInfoService\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdpService\fP \fBidpService\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 22 of file UserInfoController.java.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "List<\fBIdp\fP> portal.registration.controller.UserInfoController.getIdps ()"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file UserInfoController.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.services.IdpService.getAllIdp().
.PP
.nf
                                   {
                return idpService.getAllIdp();
        }
.fi
.SS "Map<Object, Object> portal.registration.controller.UserInfoController.getIdpsName ()"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file UserInfoController.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.services.IdpService.findByIdp(), and portal.registration.services.UserInfoService.getAllUserInfo().
.PP
.nf
                                                 {

                Map<Object, Object> x = new Properties();

                List<UserInfo> users = userInfoService.getAllUserInfo();

                for (int i = 0; i < users.size(); i++) {

                        x.put(users.get(i).getUserId(),
                                        idpService.findByIdp(users.get(i).getIdp()));
                }
                return x;
        }
.fi
.SS "List<\fBUserInfo\fP> portal.registration.controller.UserInfoController.getUserInfos ()"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file UserInfoController.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.services.UserInfoService.getAllUserInfo().
.PP
.nf
                                             {
                return userInfoService.getAllUserInfo();
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.controller.UserInfoController.showUserInfos (RenderResponseresponse)"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file UserInfoController.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                             {
                return 'home';
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBIdpService\fP \fBportal.registration.controller.UserInfoController.idpService\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file UserInfoController.java.
.SS "\fBUserInfoService\fP \fBportal.registration.controller.UserInfoController.userInfoService\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file UserInfoController.java.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Registration from the source code.
