.TH "portal::registration::services::FqanServiceImpl" 3 "Wed Jul 13 2011" "Version 4" "Registration" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
portal::registration::services::FqanServiceImpl \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBportal.registration.services.FqanService\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsave\fP (\fBFqan\fP transientInstance)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdelete\fP (\fBFqan\fP persistentInstance)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFqan\fP \fBfindById\fP (Integer id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBfindByFqan\fP (\fBFqan\fP fqan)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "List< \fBFqan\fP > \fBgetAllFqan\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "List< \fBFqan\fP > \fBfindByIdVo\fP (int idVo)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFqanDAO\fP \fBfqanDAO\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static final Logger \fBlog\fP = Logger.getLogger(FqanServiceImpl.class)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 14 of file FqanServiceImpl.java.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.delete (\fBFqan\fPpersistentInstance)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.FqanService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file FqanServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.FqanDAO.delete(), portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.fqanDAO, and portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.log.
.PP
.nf
                                                    {
                log.debug('removing Fqan instance');
                fqanDAO.delete(persistentInstance);

        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.findByFqan (\fBFqan\fPfqan)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.FqanService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file FqanServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.FqanDAO.findById(), portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.fqanDAO, portal.registration.domain.Fqan.getIdFqan(), and portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.log.
.PP
.nf
                                            {
                log.debug('getting Fqan instance');
                return fqanDAO.findById(fqan.getIdFqan()).getFqanExpr();
        }
.fi
.SS "\fBFqan\fP portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.findById (Integerid)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.FqanService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file FqanServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.FqanDAO.findById(), portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.fqanDAO, and portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.log.
.PP
.nf
                                         {
                log.debug('getting Fqan instance with id: ' + id);
                return fqanDAO.findById(id);
        }
.fi
.SS "List<\fBFqan\fP> portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.findByIdVo (intidVo)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.FqanService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file FqanServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.FqanDAO.findByIdVo(), portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.fqanDAO, and portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.log.
.PP
.nf
                                               {
                log.debug('getting Fqan list instance with idVo: ' + idVo);
                return fqanDAO.findByIdVo(idVo);
        }
.fi
.SS "List<\fBFqan\fP> portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.getAllFqan ()"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.FqanService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file FqanServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.fqanDAO, portal.registration.dao.FqanDAO.getAllFqan(), and portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.log.
.PP
.nf
                                       {
                log.debug('getting all Fqan instance');
                return fqanDAO.getAllFqan();
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.save (\fBFqan\fPtransientInstance)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.FqanService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file FqanServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.fqanDAO, portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.log, and portal.registration.dao.FqanDAO.save().
.PP
.nf
                                                 {
                log.debug('persisting Fqan instance');
                fqanDAO.save(transientInstance);
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBFqanDAO\fP \fBportal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.fqanDAO\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file FqanServiceImpl.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.delete(), portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.findByFqan(), portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.findById(), portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.findByIdVo(), portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.getAllFqan(), and portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.save().
.SS "final Logger \fBportal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.log\fP = Logger.getLogger(FqanServiceImpl.class)\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file FqanServiceImpl.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.delete(), portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.findByFqan(), portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.findById(), portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.findByIdVo(), portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.getAllFqan(), and portal.registration.services.FqanServiceImpl.save().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Registration from the source code.
