.TH "portal::registration::services::IdpServiceImpl" 3 "Wed Jul 13 2011" "Version 4" "Registration" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
portal::registration::services::IdpServiceImpl \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBportal.registration.services.IdpService\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsave\fP (\fBIdp\fP transientInstance)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdelete\fP (\fBIdp\fP persistentInstance)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdp\fP \fBfindById\fP (Integer id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBfindByIdp\fP (\fBIdp\fP idp)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "List< \fBIdp\fP > \fBgetAllIdp\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdpDAO\fP \fBidpDAO\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static final Log \fBlog\fP = LogFactory.getLog(IdpServiceImpl.class)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 16 of file IdpServiceImpl.java.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.delete (\fBIdp\fPpersistentInstance)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.IdpService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file IdpServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.IdpDAO.delete(), portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.idpDAO, and portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.log.
.PP
.nf
                                                   {
                log.debug('removing Idp instance');
                idpDAO.delete(persistentInstance);
        }
.fi
.SS "\fBIdp\fP portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.findById (Integerid)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.IdpService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file IdpServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.IdpDAO.findById(), portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.idpDAO, and portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.log.
.PP
.nf
                                        {
                log.debug('getting Idp instance with id: ' + id);
                return idpDAO.findById(id);
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.findByIdp (\fBIdp\fPidp)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.IdpService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file IdpServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.IdpDAO.findById(), portal.registration.domain.Idp.getIdIdp(), portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.idpDAO, and portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.log.
.PP
.nf
                                         {
                log.debug('getting Idp instance');
                return idpDAO.findById(idp.getIdIdp()).getIdpname();
        }
.fi
.SS "List<\fBIdp\fP> portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.getAllIdp ()"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.IdpService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file IdpServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.dao.IdpDAO.getAllIdp(), portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.idpDAO, and portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.log.
.PP
.nf
                                     {
                log.debug('getting all Idp instance');
                return idpDAO.getAllIdp();
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.save (\fBIdp\fPtransientInstance)"
.PP
Implements \fBportal.registration.services.IdpService\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file IdpServiceImpl.java.
.PP
References portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.idpDAO, portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.log, and portal.registration.dao.IdpDAO.save().
.PP
.nf
                                                {
                log.debug('persisting Idp instance');
                idpDAO.save(transientInstance);
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBIdpDAO\fP \fBportal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.idpDAO\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file IdpServiceImpl.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.delete(), portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.findById(), portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.findByIdp(), portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.getAllIdp(), and portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.save().
.SS "final Log \fBportal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.log\fP = LogFactory.getLog(IdpServiceImpl.class)\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file IdpServiceImpl.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.delete(), portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.findById(), portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.findByIdp(), portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.getAllIdp(), and portal.registration.services.IdpServiceImpl.save().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Registration from the source code.
