.TH "portal::registration::domain::UserInfo" 3 "Wed Jul 13 2011" "Version 4" "Registration" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
portal::registration::domain::UserInfo \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUserInfo\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUserInfo\fP (\fBIdp\fP \fBidp\fP, String \fBfirstName\fP, String \fBlastName\fP, String \fBinstitute\fP, String \fBmail\fP, String \fBusername\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUserInfo\fP (\fBIdp\fP \fBidp\fP, String \fBfirstName\fP, String \fBlastName\fP, String \fBinstitute\fP, String \fBphone\fP, String \fBmail\fP, String \fBusername\fP, Set< \fBCertificate\fP > \fBcertificates\fP, Set< \fBUserToVo\fP > \fBuserToVos\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetUserId\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetUserId\fP (int \fBuserId\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdp\fP \fBgetIdp\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIdp\fP (\fBIdp\fP \fBidp\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetFirstName\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetFirstName\fP (String \fBfirstName\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetLastName\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLastName\fP (String \fBlastName\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetInstitute\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetInstitute\fP (String \fBinstitute\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetPhone\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPhone\fP (String \fBphone\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetMail\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMail\fP (String \fBmail\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetUsername\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetUsername\fP (String \fBusername\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBgetRegistrationComplete\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRegistrationComplete\fP (String \fBregistrationComplete\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Set< \fBCertificate\fP > \fBgetCertificates\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCertificates\fP (Set< \fBCertificate\fP > \fBcertificates\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Set< \fBUserToVo\fP > \fBgetUserToVos\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetUserToVos\fP (Set< \fBUserToVo\fP > \fBuserToVos\fP)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBuserId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdp\fP \fBidp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBfirstName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBlastName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBinstitute\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBphone\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBmail\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBusername\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String \fBregistrationComplete\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Set< \fBCertificate\fP > \fBcertificates\fP = new HashSet<\fBCertificate\fP>(0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Set< \fBUserToVo\fP > \fBuserToVos\fP = new HashSet<\fBUserToVo\fP>(0)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static final long \fBserialVersionUID\fP = -8793989934172666454L"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBUserInfo\fP generated by hbm2java 
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file UserInfo.java.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.UserInfo ()"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
.nf
                          {
        }
.fi
.SS "portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.UserInfo (\fBIdp\fPidp, StringfirstName, StringlastName, Stringinstitute, Stringmail, Stringusername)"
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                                        {
                this.idp = idp;
                this.firstName = firstName;
                this.lastName = lastName;
                this.institute = institute;
                this.mail = mail;
                this.username = username;
        }
.fi
.SS "portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.UserInfo (\fBIdp\fPidp, StringfirstName, StringlastName, Stringinstitute, Stringphone, Stringmail, Stringusername, Set< \fBCertificate\fP >certificates, Set< \fBUserToVo\fP >userToVos)"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                                                {
                this.idp = idp;
                this.firstName = firstName;
                this.lastName = lastName;
                this.institute = institute;
                this.phone = phone;
                this.mail = mail;
                this.username = username;
                this.certificates = certificates;
                this.userToVos = userToVos;
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Set<\fBCertificate\fP> portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.getCertificates ()"
.PP
Definition at line 153 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                  {
                return this.certificates;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.getFirstName ()"
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                     {
                return this.firstName;
        }
.fi
.SS "\fBIdp\fP portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.getIdp ()"
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
.nf
                            {
                return this.idp;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.getInstitute ()"
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                     {
                return this.institute;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.getLastName ()"
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                    {
                return this.lastName;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.getMail ()"
.PP
Definition at line 126 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                {
                return this.mail;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.getPhone ()"
.PP
Definition at line 117 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                 {
                return this.phone;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.getRegistrationComplete ()"
.PP
Definition at line 144 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.controller.AddUserToVOController.addUserToVo(), portal.registration.controller.EditUserInfoController.deactivateUser(), and portal.registration.controller.AddUserToVoPresentsController.deactivateUser().
.PP
.nf
                                                {
                return this.registrationComplete;
        }
.fi
.SS "int portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.getUserId ()"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                               {
                return this.userId;
        }
.fi
.SS "String portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.getUsername ()"
.PP
Definition at line 135 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.controller.AddUserToVOController.activateUser(), portal.registration.controller.EditUserInfoController.deactivateUser(), portal.registration.controller.AddUserToVoPresentsController.deactivateUser(), portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAOImpl.edit(), portal.registration.controller.RemoveUserInfoController.removeUserInfo(), and portal.registration.services.CertificateServiceImpl.save().
.PP
.nf
                                    {
                return this.username;
        }
.fi
.SS "Set<\fBUserToVo\fP> portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.getUserToVos ()"
.PP
Definition at line 162 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                            {
                return this.userToVos;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.setCertificates (Set< \fBCertificate\fP >certificates)"
.PP
Definition at line 157 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                                   {
                this.certificates = certificates;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.setFirstName (StringfirstName)"
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAOImpl.edit(), and portal.registration.controller.EditUserInfoController.editUserInfo().
.PP
.nf
                                                   {
                this.firstName = firstName;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.setIdp (\fBIdp\fPidp)"
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.services.UserInfoServiceImpl.save().
.PP
.nf
                                    {
                this.idp = idp;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.setInstitute (Stringinstitute)"
.PP
Definition at line 112 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                                   {
                this.institute = institute;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.setLastName (StringlastName)"
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                                 {
                this.lastName = lastName;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.setMail (Stringmail)"
.PP
Definition at line 130 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                         {
                this.mail = mail;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.setPhone (Stringphone)"
.PP
Definition at line 121 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                           {
                this.phone = phone;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.setRegistrationComplete (StringregistrationComplete)"
.PP
Definition at line 148 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.controller.AddUserToVOController.activateUser(), portal.registration.controller.EditUserInfoController.deactivateUser(), portal.registration.controller.AddUserToVoPresentsController.deactivateUser(), and portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                                                         {
                this.registrationComplete = registrationComplete;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.setUserId (intuserId)"
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                          {
                this.userId = userId;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.setUsername (Stringusername)"
.PP
Definition at line 139 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
Referenced by portal.registration.dao.UserInfoDAOImpl.edit().
.PP
.nf
                                                 {
                this.username = username;
        }
.fi
.SS "void portal.registration.domain.UserInfo.setUserToVos (Set< \fBUserToVo\fP >userToVos)"
.PP
Definition at line 166 of file UserInfo.java.
.PP
.nf
                                                          {
                this.userToVos = userToVos;
        }
.fi
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Set<\fBCertificate\fP> \fBportal.registration.domain.UserInfo.certificates\fP = new HashSet<\fBCertificate\fP>(0)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file UserInfo.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.UserInfo.firstName\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file UserInfo.java.
.SS "\fBIdp\fP \fBportal.registration.domain.UserInfo.idp\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file UserInfo.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.UserInfo.institute\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file UserInfo.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.UserInfo.lastName\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file UserInfo.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.UserInfo.mail\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file UserInfo.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.UserInfo.phone\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file UserInfo.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.UserInfo.registrationComplete\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file UserInfo.java.
.SS "final long \fBportal.registration.domain.UserInfo.serialVersionUID\fP = -8793989934172666454L\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file UserInfo.java.
.SS "int \fBportal.registration.domain.UserInfo.userId\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file UserInfo.java.
.SS "String \fBportal.registration.domain.UserInfo.username\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file UserInfo.java.
.SS "Set<\fBUserToVo\fP> \fBportal.registration.domain.UserInfo.userToVos\fP = new HashSet<\fBUserToVo\fP>(0)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file UserInfo.java.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Registration from the source code.
